the evacuation of almasri tower in Rafa
is captured on a mobile phone Israeli
air strikes hit the building where 300
displaced Palestinians were seeking
temporary Refuge residents say they
received a 30-minute warning to get
out but it wasn't enough time sparking
panic and
Chaos we were surprised at night with
the janitor on the apartment doors
telling us to evacuate the tower our
children and our women fell a friend of
mine's wife who's 9 months pregnant she
fell down the stairs there was a state
of panic and fear people left everything
some even forgot their
children in the daylight the extent of
the damage is
huge among the debris people find
themselves sitting with their belongings
many of whom were already displaced and
now have nowhere to
turn where is the safe place they they
speak about where should people go from
the north they told them to evacuate to
the South they herded them all up in the
south in hunis and told them to go to
Rafa where is this safe place that the
Israeli Army is talking
about Israel's raids continue across
Gaza killing dozens of civilians
including attacks in Dar
albala the US and Jordanian Air Forces
and others continued to airdrop supplies
into Gaza but some parachutes failed to
open killing several people waiting on
the
ground we do not want anybody to give us
food we want them to leave us alone and
we can survive on our own these rockets
that fall on us are American Rockets to
begin with in all the hardship this
father finds a spark of
Joy after 91 days apart he's reunited
with his son
Hamza promising never to let him go
again Freddy car Al
jazer Al jaaz TK AB zoom's on the phone
for Us from Southern Gaza T I understand
that the number of people who've been
killed in that attack on the Noella
refugee camp the numbers have now been
revised it's 13 people apparently have
died in that talk us through the strikes
that have been happening over the last
few
hours yes in fact a new string of
Israeli attacks had been carried out in
AC course separate areas in Gaz and one
of the plest was anat refugee camp at
least as you've mentioned 13
Palestinians have been reported killed
with dozens of injuries but the shocking
scene was completely H the building was
destroyed as we as children being
completely trapped under the rubble in
the DIY of the house as civil defense
teams are trying to draw their P using
very primitive equipment to recover all
the injuries and victims from under the
reples as searching operations are still
going on till now but also we have been
seeing more loud explosions and attacks
on the city of kanun one of the latest
was just a few moments ago where three
Palestinians have were reported killed
in the city of Kanis after being
directly targeted by the Israeli
military fighting jet spot similarly the
artillery bombardment of the middle area
did not stop war in Dar palah three
Palestinians also being killed and
injured a number of residents there in a
part of the ongoing bming campaign in
that part which is very now densely
populated with evacuees and City
dwellers but the fact or the dation that
had been caused today is really
unbearable as the vast majority of
victims and civilians today were young
children and T over the last few hours
as always we've been talking about
efforts to try to increase the amount of
Aid that's getting into Gaza there's a
ship currently sitting in laa port in
Cyprus actually going to pull a barge
towards Gaza to try to get some Aid in
talk us through what the situation is
like in Gaza when it comes to
humanitarian Aid
yes Palestinians generally are
completely following the all efforts
being made by reasonal players and
region actors in the region and they
have been throwing more efforts being
made but these efforts are still
obstructed by the isra restrictions
being imposed in a deliveries J G are
stri especially to the most vulnerable
areas of fighting and after now five
months of four G complet are struggling
to find food water shter and basic
medicine even family level hand is
already white pris worsening
specifically in the another part as a
new report based on Research from three
countries after carrying out a number of
interviews with angos and with govern
with government official it showed that
Israel consistently and groundlessly
plock state operations for cars as the
same situation is still going on on the
ground without any clear touchable
development and also we've been seeing
more efforts being made from the sky as
a dropping have been uh L being
parachuted in Gaza but unfortunately it
creates a state of chaos as not all of
the people can really have an access for
much Le life saving AIDs that have been
dropped from the sky T Al on the phone
for Us from Southern Gaza TK thank you
very much
indeed